[Music]
honey mama what is it I have to go with
Roy I was told to take a man to hotel I
said that he was an enemy of the state
take off your dress
and in exchange my mother look at the
doctor she made him instead they cut his
throat
there could be no witnesses so they gave
me a choice die or become a sparrow from
this day forward you will become
space-weapons in a global struggle for
power you'll be trained in psychological
manipulation we must learn to push
yourself beyond all limitation take off
your clothes when we are finished with
you the person you were will no longer
exist every human being is a puzzle of
need we must become the missing piece
and they will tell you anything you have
a gift
you'll know how to survive
this is what you were meant to lose a
traitor in the government
his last known contact is an American
dead claw same a very same poll
yesterday
are we going to become friends Zella you
want
this is a sparrow the only man cause of
what you can do for them work with me
and make these men pay you are better at
this than any of us your only problem is
you have a soul
we can't trust in a word that comes out
of her mouth there's something else or
eno-san
the feast compromise she will be
eliminated what have you done
you belong to them they won't ever let
go I'll find a way you're telling me
that the king of a third-world country
runs around and a bulletproof cat suit
why don't you ask him yourself because
he's right outside
[Music]
my king stop it Blanca leaves
it was coming today I'm calm
Rashmi knew my hope you ready bro I'm
just getting started
[ __ ]
showoff
I want the weapons secrets
it's all mine now
this your king
this hands to game
[Applause]
gah face your face Marta feed that dog
get tickets now
your body is not who you are you shed it
like a snake sheds of skin
who transfer the human consciousness
between bodies
to live for eternal life I will live
I've been down 250 years
you are the property the Bancroft
industries you've been provided with
this body which came equipped with
military-grade uric M in combat muscle
memory
mr. go that I didn't ask you to bring me
back into this world what I ask of you
is that you solve a murder whose name
this is the beginning
whoever murdered him must be found or
we're all in danger you need access that
you don't want to do and I'm gonna find
answers they may always thank you
friends enemies people with opportunity
and motive just anybody
if you don't solve this quickly enough
[Music]
and I thought you'd be bigger
they made me bring all this back up it's
a rude
here's more here than you're willing to
see
mr. e needs to be solved
[Music]
lieutenant you know saving your ass is
not my only job I like her this is the
beginning I was raised as an only child
with two people who basically hated each
other just enough to stay together so I
guess you could say I've been mediating
since well before I was born
years before I heard the term mutually
assured destruction I was very familiar
with it growing up in that house
Mason Francis Kyle's 45 years old 10
years ago he was deputy chief of mission
here until his wife was killed he's
damaged goods
he's manageable
maybe one of you can tell me what I'm
doing here three nights ago
American was pulled off the street in
Westbury next morning we got to
communicate from a group calling itself
the militia of Islamic Liberation but
they have the guy they want to talk they
want you to broker the deal they asked
for you specifically
your friend Cal he's the hostage Cal's
the head of all Mideast operations he
talks you'll be waiting for bodies to
pile up on the embassy sidewalk what
does he want me to do you're an
experienced negotiator negotiate
Bree what I will try call a tile a for
the return of my brother what I feel
about a John give me a meeting in Israel
eunuch Olympics Matt lead flight 305 46
days all of this feed abu allah shadow
is this about you looking for the man of
your wife they can't find your brother
you're gonna have to come up with an
alternative this is alternative he's
giving us six hours to deliver the
brother he's hiding
he's been driven so deep his own people
don't know where he is
right now there's a hell of a lot
unprotected pieces in this field do you
think they want to save Cal or do you
think they won't say the information
that's an ugly question
clearly the monsters have taken over
Lebanon something needs to be done and
give Israel the keys to the city
I need to seek out and it's impossible
it's only impossible if he's dead
2,000 years of revenge then
Berger
often the Bayreuth somebody get this
door open
any ideas
maybe
okay
yeah little right sorry
sure about this not really
nice pep talk
bloody inspire
[Music]
it's going through the laundry found
these new phones become a strip that
down me tonight I'm tearing these off
with my teeth like an old school cartoon
billy goat honey Mitch does your
daughter's okay I'm ready
you look beautiful I used to hold that
girl in the palm of my hand hey let's
becoming a woman you're gonna have to
deal with that thanks dad why are you
here you think I'm gonna miss the most
important that if you're young hey
there's my graduation graduation is for
losers tonight is the first night of our
adult lives I want to go to prom gonna
lose my goddamn virginity prom night
it's kind of perfect I'm in Julie
laughter that popped open because there
are kids all emojis have a secret
meaning Oh eggplants are dicks this is
some kind of a dick related agreement
[Music]
our girls are not thinking things
through
I may stop them I'm in I'm fully
planning on having sex tonight wherever
the night takes us the night's gonna
take us there wherever the wind sails
our ships your ship is going into my
harbor
[Music]
they're generally wwvv what would Vin
Diesel do hey fast furious is completely
unrealistic it's not a documentary I get
that
I'll do anything for my daughter what
about chugging contest
bring it no no right we're butt chugging
on the count of three
they got a lager or an IPA cause he's
gonna dump that himself are you a team
player or aren't you
I just chugged it for tea with my
[ __ ] I'm a team player do you know
what makes a real hero it's not the
costumes the gadgets the cool powers
it's having your own movie and that has
always been my dream
what are you doing just giving the
people at the wall our movies not about
Wonder Woman it's about us the Teen
Titan Noah wants to see us full Wonder
Woman inspires people and we do not yes
Wonder Woman is great but I love Wonder
Woman narrator guy just do your thing
and the creators of Teen Titans go it's
a balance courage it's about action
it's the superhero movie to end all
superhero movies
hopefully that wasn't a fart that was
just air leaving my butt which is a fart
Teen Titans go to the movies because if
Aquaman can get a movie anyone can
[Music]
ladies and gentlemen my name is
Professor Philip Goodman my job is to
explain the unexplainable untangle the
truth from the fiction you don't have to
have your life ruled by superstitious
fear everything you spent a lifetime
trying to debunk the supernatural it's
all three kisses I couldn't explain
you go and investigate if you did things
are not always as they seem
tell me about your incident
you don't believe here hello
I don't be looking making them mad
because I know what song do you believe
in evil professor I didn't until that
night Maria
these are science
I know you're still the spirit
I understand how easy it is to get
confused and then in force get into your
head Mike everything is exactly as it
seems you don't know everything
the brain sees what it wants to see
[Music]
nothing meant more than being in the
ring with the Panthers my wrestling
family in the 1980s we pulled in
audiences of millions
now we're pulling pints and I wouldn't
change a thing
shame really that this is to be my final
point in here what's he talking about
we're going to close the earth nails it
can't be serious
yeah it's awful is that pocos well left
with nothing so we do the greatest show
of our lives it's not gonna be easy
trying to turn the clock back nearly 30
bleeding years you look ridiculous
they call me the sexy c-3po twisty Ziggy
barrows but Ziggy sharper but you short
for ya territorial dancer the punters
you shall all be warriors once more for
your viral not me mate and clean as a
whistle
nothing personal better than this
I fear the man
[Music]
now you've got the chance he made this a
fight that won't never be forgotten yeah
this is our moment
watch and learn this rollin I don't
think they're stronger than cliff oh
they're still very little there hey keep
wafted keep often Teddy Oh got me side
back anyone else a bonus it's time to
walk like the brothers that you are all
day long restless I love you son hey
tell me if this sounds familiar
a man walks into a store he searches for
a certain section of books he takes out
a can of lighter fluid I know why he
burned the books why because he wrote
Sydney Hall one of the best writers of
our time I've been searching for him for
years
[Music]
you refuse no fishman sittings one of
our brightest students because brilliant
what if I wrote enough what would it be
about it's your name melody no no no
wait why do you keep burning away from
me because it's fun
[Music]
you've been number one on the bestseller
list for eight months I'm seeing face
things that aren't there
[Music]
really one all right something that's
gonna shake people up you should get on
that
be sure to take me with you she write
about me you know my father is that's me
I should write a book about him you'll
be singing a different tune tomorrow
what happens tomorrow this book is a
dangerous sign of the times burnings I
apologize for nothing
for being sure I don't know what he
wants but he knows everything about me
no one is claimed to see or hear from
Sydney Hong over five years now how is
that possible everywhere I go he's with
me
you were one of the last people to see
him live that's not a beginning to a
great book I don't know what is
the entire course of a person's life can
change in a millisecond
this has to end Sydney's gonna
mrs. miss nice um who you think
give me the information about Sydney
hall and we will never sing again
I know this is not how you wanted to
spend your weekend but guess what
me neither she was supposed to sneer boy
Fred ever he's not my boyfriend
then why did he make you a playlist
there was sex off oh my god shut up mom
Oh playlist you grew up here why are you
selling it that's what you do when
someone passes away
check it out fully automated security
system windows have retracted lead
shields this place is a fortress I guess
some people get paranoid in their old
age what were you trying to hide dad I
just want to say again how sorry I was
to hear about your father just let me
make it through the weekend and come
home mom I swear to God if your eyes
[Music]
I want you to listen you are a woman
below at the mercy of strangers what do
you want we want something in the house
anything to protect market know exactly
what I say or you and your kids will not
survive this night instead yeah she's
gone find her she took out the lights
he's smart but we have her kids now
she's desperate I'm just a mom you have
no clue what I'm capable of
she's in the house
this isn't gonna work you're done
I live with a friend
[Music]
you notice we broke into the wrong house
you have been nothing but a positive
force in my life
she's one happy birthday be it's your
dream car it's amazing
let's get away from the city it's miles
away from everything
it's a celebration I'm trying to create
a moment I want to give us something she
could remember for the rest of my life
[Music]
building myself I learned that the
prison auto shop
sweet ride smoked a piece in the store
you bawl Claire and I look for any
trouble truck can't hold a polite
conversation
get your what are you doing in here
what's going now got a big problem can't
find the phone people I work for do not
accept mistakes
[Applause]
hey baby your phone is ringing I thought
my phone
[Music]
something in my gut was telling me that
she needed help I think I put my phone
in your bag by accident let me help you
just give me the phone
just give me the phone Hey
I need help right now please I don't
know where I'm at where are you lady
I keep you just for me just for me
I will find you
[Music]
okay
frozen pizza awesome hello I'm Kelly I'm
here to take care of you Oh max I'm an
undercover cop working a kidnapping case
a baby panda was stolen and they're
using the dog show as a front for animal
smuggler why are there dogs in this
beatty that's what partners are for what
is happening in this town must take me
Smuggler's down there with the world's
most exclusive dog show and Max I'll be
in the right place I could have swore we
were backstage at a circus Olay what
he's on
mission wait you're a cop I'm working
undercover well if you actually were in
the whole show
nope hey you do remember I bite right
this spring all right coach what's our
first move turn you into this show dog
oh boy with a little bonding routine you
waited for me to get back into that
video and some help from friends I'm
deputizing both of you yes sir I accept
but I get to be the bad cop they just
might solve the case you are different
from other show dogs max is a pop so as
a pop from the director of Beverly Hills
Chihuahua The Smurfs and scooby-doo a
team of crime fighter with license to
buy
Felipe what are you doing who says
police work and pampering can't go Paul
and Paul show dogs what's that bikini
wax
it's payback time wait the pain passes
but the beauty shall remain as a very
far from Tony's behaved for this very
reason and she'll never be treated close
to them as we have
[Music]
there's your element we said sale 67
days ago September 1914 no birds no
weather official to greet you either in
this remote part of the world I feel a
sense of irreparable loss
maritime signal technician we're
replacing the weather official and shall
be bees we're about surface is dead I
would have to live fearless solitude
like exile to 12 months
remember mr. Dylan Silas see the trial
tomorrow one thing I still can't
understand is that you could have
escaped four days ago on the boat that
brought me here the world here at Mercer
my own destiny I can't tell whether it
arises from a longing for civilization a
prisoner's panic or simply fear
the previous weather officially wasn't
typhus you left him stranded here I'd be
just good at murder unlike human or
divine demons from Atlantis another
thing you need to understand just how we
are the invaders which makes us the
enemy children compounds for we humans
do John to conquer than is ally oh no I
love exterminate them
[Music]
I said what you are
a sad pathetic failure there's a drone
guitar pointed at your friend's name
[Music]
this place seems empty I think everybody
leaves after Labor Day this is nice
right there's someone else stand here is
Tamar home I think you have the wrong
trailer I thought we were all huh
[Music]
we've just
sir get back to the boat
run run back to the boat right now sue
what look what we're about to me the
only guy to ever see Victor Crowley and
live to tell about it they take us and a
small camera crew and a host and they
flies in the private network jet okay I
told you thousand times I'm never going
back to that swamp
they offered six hundred thousand don't
you like XIX ambien valium oxy
I've got heaviest stuff if you want
it's people out there thank God your
plane has crashed we're gonna get you
all health the thing that which is death
itself it's gonna follow this Oh see I
don't even think it's a motion sensor I
think it's not a time
[Music]
Boston's dead dude
I'm right here Austin's alive
go to hell you bastard
we are so dead
[Music]